Initial actions implementation (#1)
mantidproject/pre-commit-hooks: README.md

> # Pre commit hooks for the MantidProject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Custom pre-commit hooks for the pre-commit framework
```

> The hooks present in this repository are independent and not reliant on Clang format or CppCheck (Not yet implemented)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hooks present in this repository are:
* clang-format (self-contained hook not reliant on clang-format being available externally)
```
